make this a discussion as well as training, possibly split out development part of team one day

Day 1:
meeting everybody in the teams and get to know what they work on, how they do their work
Introduction of Scott's team members - who they are, what they work one, areas of expertise, maybe a video chat ?
Discussion on how to make the two team collaborate more efficiently.
	L3 and security bugs process, bug triage and assignment, shared assignments for sp2 and sle13?
GNOME 2.20 - what's in it, where do we want to enhance, risks, how to handle patches from 3.10

Day 2:
gather feedback on SLE12 GA and SP1 development and QA:
	what went well, what went wrong ? Get suggestion on what to improve in the weakness which were reported 
SP2 overview - discuss schedule, SLE processes and expectations, 
	From Yifan - what does the schedule mean to everyone (who is focus on what)
		process of qa/development and caveat for SP2 regarding the workload of QAM
	From Yifan - For SP2, people (devs) may be very interested in where to push commit.
		Taking SP1 as an example, devs are confused why some times to push sle12sp1, while some times to sle12ga.
		I feel it would be useful to explain the relationship across GA, SP1 and SP2 from codebase management aspects
			together with related process, QAM, code review, feature branch etc.
gather input on what to do for SP2 (broader scope than just GNOME 3.20)
how to schedule the work across the development period.

Day 3:
openQA session for everybody (this should involve Sunny team, who are the one working the most on openQA in Beijing)
get a training on how to use openQA and design tests
have everybody (both QA, developers, TL and prjmgr) write some test cases in openQA.
A good exercice would be to use some of the validation tests which are not yet in openQA and have them ported to openQA.
session on the built in glib testing framework, how can we pull those into openQA

Day 4:
developer oriented session 

Day 5:
TBD

additional ideas
- explanation of the various layers in the GNOME desktop : udev / pulseaudio / logind / polkit / etc...
- upstream contribution (openSUSE / TW and GNOME) : we want to help China team to contribute more to openSUSE and GNOME 
- bugday / bugfest: where we search for new bugs (or existing one) and try to fix them
- jenkins / openqa automation for desktop rebase (having openqa staging at the development level and not later in the integration phase)
polkit-default-privs
r&d org - who is doing what
sp2 schedules, release cycle, fate
how we generate a service pack, why we submit to multiple sp's in some cases
opensuse and suse cooperation, upstream cooperation
gpg
polkit
differnece between sled, sles slewe
what is in 3.20
glibs gtest infrastructure
gsettings, dconf
remote access strategies - susecon talk

Thomas training topics for reference (we should check and see what he actually ended up covering.)
https://etherpad.nue.suse.com/p/Pack-training-Bejing
-Buildsystems (autotools/cmake) (18 votes)
-How to get community to do your work" style of presentation? (17 votes)
-General packaging and SUSE/openSUSE workflows (16 votes)
-Why we do Tumbleweed like this and how we do (15 votes)
-OBS/IBS stuff, packaging things overall. (14 votes)
