Setup and optimization for remote graphical access
Q1. why does enabling "remote admin" turn on DISPLAYMANAGER_ROOT_LOGIN_REMOTE

Remote Desktop Methods
	start with query of the audiance - what remote methods do you use, how well do they work.
		last year someone mentioned starting a full session via "ssh -X". look into that and see if it works
	state that we will explain first and then demo everything.
	explain that XDMCP is something of the past, not a good idea to use it these days (security and bandwith reason)
		need to go over a vpn for security, 
	VNC - Xvnc. configured from YasT2 (xinetd)  //with SP2 we now have a "session management" option ?
		non persistent session, if the viewer machine crashes the session is lost,
		secure without a password as long as gdm requires auth
		can be configured to be persistent session via the wait=no param
		managed with vncconfig (clipboard support), vncpasswd
			how does that interact with loginctl
		bnc#920969
		with SP2 if attempt to login as a user that is already logged in you will get an error message
	VNC - vino. configured from control-center. underlying gconf keys demoed later (disable logout)
		must be logged in to the session, if the X server goes into background viewer freezes
		persistent, multiple simaltaneous connections
	VNC - /etc/X11/xorg.conf.d/10-libvnc.conf - don't use the suggested DefaultDepth 16. bsc#942982
			not supported by lots of driver/hardware combos - leave user with an Xserver that won't start
			no real benefit.
	RDP (provided by xrdp / freerdp) – bnc939109, bnc928030
	Vinagre - discuss keybinding passthrough, show full screen toolbar now that it works
		integration with gnome-keyring, gconf keys, run with --gtk-vnc-debug
	vncviewer
		tigervnc also provides a java version of the viewer - we use this from the browser
		this java applet can also be run standalone
			shell script started from xinetd and prints out simple http response
	Security - TLS support for VNC in vino/vinagre. Supposed to be in SP1 for tigervnc also but as of RC3 does not work
Demo
	demo connecting to SLES 12 through : VNC, RDP (with a Windows client),
	VNC remote connection from java in a browser (or even HTML5 in a browser !!)
* users/pass on linux VM: 
  tux / tux
  root / susecon15

 on Windows VM: susecon/susecon

  3 VMs:
  SLES12SP1: 192.168.122.72
   vino is enabled on main VNC port (:0)
   vnc non persistent on :1 (TLS enabled)
   vnc persistent on :2 (TLS enabled)
   http/https enabled for vnc:1 and vnc:2
   rdp available (allow to connect to both vnc:1 and vnc:2)
   xdmcp enabled

  SLED12SP1: 192.168.122.200
   vino is enabled on this VM (shouldn't be needed)
   firefox shortcut on the desktop to demo java vnc
   vinagre preconfigured with bookmarks for SLES VNC:1, SLES vnc:2, RDP on Windows

  Windows: 192.168.122.194
   RDP enabled
   IE shortcuts to demo VNC connection over java
   RDP viewer shortcut to connect on SLES

Other Methods
	remote X11 applications through ssh is still supported and secure :
		ssh -X vs ssh -Y
		why does ssh -X and then evince not resize.
		problems with menu bar - ie ssh -> gnote. Can't click on the menu bar in the header
	starting graphical applications in containers (see with Cedric)
	should we demo what alexl demoed during xdg-app talk on how to do anything across X11 socket ?
Accessing SLE from windows
		windows access - attachmate java solution (Bankim Shaw), (is this reflectionX ?) Xming, Exceed (bad), cygwin, vncviewer,
Session monitoring / management
	session management (kill a session, see man systemd-logind) with systemd-loginctl
	debugging
		Firewall.
		/etc/gdm/custom.conf -> section [debug] -> Enable=true
	when you will need to use xdm/iceWM (see the readme)
	/etc/sysconfig/displaymanager how it works
	Performance considerations and limitations with multiple simultaneous graphical user sessions and multiple user switching.
		multiuser bnc#909360, switching users bsc929122 and bsc940159,
		gnome only allow same user logged in once
Additional settings
	demo of kiosk: 
		- explain gsettings / dconf defaults + lockdown:
         * disabling Alt-F2( explain we can also customize / changes keybinding )
         * disabling save-to-disk
         * disabling log-out
         * disabling printing icon
		- explanation of polkit permissions and demo on one specific permission:
            * disabling reboot without root password on SLED (ie SLES behaviour)
			other possibilities (not demoed): disabling USB stick mount without root password


Add more logging to gdm/gnome-shell on failure - possible backtrace from who called the oh-no method
On black screen we still have gnome-shell running, we just don't have mutter anymore – display a warning screen.
the viewer displays a black screen when X.Org is run with libvnc.so and gets vt-switched away. Either close the remote connection or displaying a notification screen would be better


SLED Kiosk - libreoffice, samba, gdm with AD Login, snapper, empathy with local users

